# Thinking
Brave enough to take actions.

- those people who combine algorithm and engineering together are the ones who are extremely smart. I just want to be one of them. Or I wish I could work with them to push something forward faster.
- This year I have witten that AI has been a tool that is being in our workflow, and we rely on this tool so much that it even be a dependency. It has good side but also bad side as I think. 
- I think that we should have a specific "no AI day" in every week, there should be no AI tools and we should sharp our mind to reflect the output of AI. And  It would be good for us to learn more about ourselves and about AI. 
- And I think it is not the bad side of AI that makes me want to have a no AI day. It is about our personality. AI boosts our productivity, of course. But when we look back, we don't fully utilize it. I don't think everyone making full use of AI is too far-fetched. It's too sophisticated for most people to use optimally. So if it does something wrong, it won't self-correct. It's not the fault of AI, but rather our own shortcoming. We should reflect on ourselves and improve how we use AI.
- What I want to say is that it's not a fault of AI; it's the fault of ourselves. I think we are not prepared to catch up with the pace of AI, and I think we are too much abused of AI. 
- When there is an advanced technology. We would take each chance to use it. But I would rather that we should first be clear about what we want to do. Sometimes AI could understand what we want to do, when we are not smart or prepared to be the expressioner or the instructor, AI think what you want to think.
- I would call this "AI coding alcoholism" - where we rely too heavily on AI coding tools. AI thinks much faster and deeper than we can, but I believe this isn't an optimal way to use AI because in such situations, you lose control of your codebase. It's no longer your code; it's AI's code, and you cannot take full responsibility for it. The AI may not be able to implement the functionality you actually want. I believe it should be our responsibility to maintain control of the codebase. AI should be a tool that serves us, not the other way around.