# Tech
Disaggregation Prefill and Decoding/PD Disaggregation:
1. Prefill: generate first token according to the input token sequence
2. Decoding: each token computation will both have KV-Cache read and store, but the computation is much less then prefill phase




# Thinking
 - Without publicity, there is no occurrence. ; without expression, there is no thinking;


 ## why use ray?
1. OpenAI: ray is a solid module in distributed computing; if there need distributed computing tasks, it needs Ray
2. Linkedin: Ray can do scheduling for online service, Ray.Serving cut the inferece graph into many atom layers and optimize the CPU&GPU hybrid computing scenes.
3. Adobe & Ninantic: Flexibility and scalability, extensibility,  Ray can reduce 85% of the schedule coding time.
4. Spotify: Ray+Pytorch to package the MLOps SDK
5. Pinterest: Data Processing Framework. 
- before: they use multiprocessing pytorch dataloader to GPU nodes; and this has drawbacks: 1. monolithic and scale ablity is limited; 2. CPU computing and GPU computing are on the same nodes, cannot realize efficient heterogeneous computing; 
- after: Ray.Dataset to proprocess all the data + Ray.Trainer + Ray.Serve
6. Uber: use ray to set up distributed process group
 - they use NCCL and torch as basic framework; Deepspeed + Huggingface to train sota LLMs
 - they use ray.torch trainer to schedule and orchestrate the training process
7. AntGroup: ray ecosystem running on 150 CPU cores.
8. Ray's adoption rate in enterprise applications is becoming increasingly high. Apart from the well-known OpenAI, international tech giants (such as Google, AWS, Microsoft, Meta) are also actively embracing Ray. Traditional enterprises (Adobe, VMware, IBM) and hardware manufacturers (NVIDIA, Intel) are also actively integrating into Ray's ecosystem. Chinese companies like Ant Group, NetEase, ByteDance, and Huawei are also continuously developing on Ray. In addition, many well-known startups have also chosen Ray, including Yang Qing, who was responsible for Alibaba Cloud computing platform and invested in a startup last year, also chose to integrate Ray into their latest open-source project Lepton AI to implement distributed computing.
9. Distributed Agent SDK, used offered conception of Ray, register the actor and task in Ray. It is easy to use Ragent to realize a simple RAG-agent and Multi-agent. May be in the future it will provide Agent protocol to unify the agent framework. And push forward the Online-Offline unified agent framework into real-world application scenarios.



Our design:
1. Easy to use, easy to deploy, easy to scale
2. How to make enough use of CPUs and GPUs







